Add link for `PostCSS runner` (#3900)
stylelint/stylelint: docs/user-guide/postcss-plugin.md

# The stylelint PostCSS plugin

> As with any other [PostCSS plugin](https://github.com/postcss/postcss#plugins), you can use stylelint's PostCSS plugin either with a [PostCSS runner](https://github.com/postcss/postcss/blob/master/docs/guidelines/runner.md) or with the PostCSS JS API directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with any other [PostCSS plugin](https://github.com/postcss/postcss#plugins), you can use stylelint's PostCSS plugin either with a [PostCSS runner](https://github.com/postcss/postcss#runners) or with the PostCSS JS API directly.
```
